Fix style change caused route line update delay. (#3613)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where `ReplayLocationManager` didn't update location timestamps when a new loop started. ([#3550](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3550))
* Fixed the background location update issue during active navigation when using default `.courseView` for `NavigationMapView.userLocationStyle`. ([#3533](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3533))
* Fixed an issue where `UserPuckCourseView` is trimmed when using custom frame for `UserLocationStyle.courseView(_:)`. ([#3601](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3601))

> * Fixed an issue where route line blinks when users drive through tunnel. ([#3613](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3613))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where route line blinks when style is changed during active navigation. ([#3613](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3613))
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I'll improve the changeLog entry.
